Add splash screen for both iOs and Android (#153)
rootstrap/react-native-base: README.md

- [lodash](https://github.com/lodash/lodash)
- [Jest](https://github.com/facebook/jest)
- [Enzyme](https://github.com/airbnb/enzyme)

> - [React-Splash-Screen](https://github.com/crazycodeboy/react-native-splash-screen)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [React-Native-Splash-Screen](https://github.com/crazycodeboy/react-native-splash-screen)
```

I would add the `native` word since the library is `react-native-splash-screen`

Author: Yes, you are right.

- There's a defined `whitelist` where all reducers that want to be persisted must be declared.
- The `storage` engine is `AsyncStorage` but you can change it if needed, for example: https://github.com/CodingZeal/redux-persist-sensitive-storage if you need keychan storage on iOS.
- If you ever need to set up migrations to keep your reducers up to date, please check [this link](https://github.com/rt2zz/redux-persist#migrations).

### Adding a Splash Screen

> It was used the package [react-native-splash-screen](https://github.com/crazycodeboy/react-native-splash-screen) to add the splash screen functionality with placeholder images.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package used to add the splash screen functionality was [react-native-splash-screen](https://github.com/crazycodeboy/react-native-splash-screen) and uses placeholder images.
```

Maybe something like this? I feel a bit weird the `It was used the package` sentence.

Author: Totally agree

#### Updating the images

For android the assets can be found in:

```
android/app/src/main/res
```

> And iOs in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And for iOs in:
```

I would add the `for`

Author: Agree!
